9 a.m. in Shanghai Shenzhen and here in
Hong Kong you're watching the China
show. I'm Ivon Man with David and Glass.
>> Good morning. We are counting down to
the open of markets in greater China.
Our top stories [music] today.
>> The threat of criminal charges is a
consequence of the Federal Reserve
setting interest rates based on our best
assessment of what will serve the public
rather than following the preferences
[music] of the president.
This is about whether the Fed will be
able to continue to set interest rates
based on evidence and economic
conditions or whether instead monetary
policy will be directed by political
pressure or intimidation.
Fed chair J Per accusing the Justice
Department of the Central Bank to lower
interest rates. The dollar [music] is
done against almost everything at this
point. Prosecutors are launching a
criminal investigation [music]
tied to the renovation of its Washington
headquarters. Meanwhile, President Trump
says he's considering options [music]
for Iran as Tyrron attempts to quell
protests that reportedly left hundreds
[music] of people dead.
>> Oil and precious metals in focus as the
geopolitical turmoil threatens the
stability of supply from one of OPEC's
[music] top producers. We look at the
impacts on its biggest customer, China.
>> [music]
>> Good Monday morning. What weekend? So,
going into the session today, uh there's
a ton of developing
potentially global globally
consequential market stories to tell you
about. Number one is what's happening in
Iran and we are getting some comments
coming through out of the US president.
Number two, we'll get to this in a
moment. You just heard from Jay Powell
there which is leading to this massive
decline we're seeing in the US dollar.
the massive bid. We're seeing precious
metals catch right now, 5% on silver,
2.3%,
4,600 now on gold futures as you can see
on your screens. The equity market
overlay of all this and just keep in
mind Japan is shut, cash markets are
shut. Uh there is also the Japanese
component of reports of a possible uh
early uh elections. we can get to that.
It certainly is more domestically
focused, but when you look at where the
yen is trading, certainly it's something
for investors to watch. Bloomberg dollar
index down on your screens, we are bit
across equity markets. S&P futures
though are reversing some of the gains
we had going into the weekend. Taiwan
coming online 1% to the upside. Uh very
very quickly a look at Japan. Of course,
we talked about that. I was about to say
the yen was was trading at the weakest
level in about a year or so, but then uh
the the DOJ and the Fed story happened
and now we've reversed that completely
and then some more dollar yen is now
back to 157. Euro yen trading on the
fence, but get substantial move up uh in
nicke,000
is a level to track and the approach to
the open today looking at oil prices.
Oil prices in Shanghai on your screens
2.8% and a very strong Chinese currency
going into the Monday session. Needless
to say, our producers have been kind of
working around a rundown. If you know,
we're trying to form it as we speak.
What rundown? We're ripping the script
really here just given the news flow
from this Monday morning. Right. So, we
thought we were be talking about a
Supreme Court decision on terrorists. We
thought we were going to be talking
about Japan, but look at now we're
talking about Fed independence and of
course the oil situation around Iran.
>> Yeah. Uh not to mention the jobs report,
which is is of less consequence right
now. Really? Yeah. given everything
that's happened as well, right? So when
you so three stories, right? There's the
oil story where if you look at the
Venezuela angle from last week,
certainly more consequential from an oil
producer swing factor perspective,
right?
>> Fourth largest producer in OPEC,
>> fourth largest producer, I think third
largest in terms of spare capacity. Uh
the dollar component suddenly shoved in
our faces right now on the Fed story.
Yeah.
>> Right. So we were looking at the big
news on the weekend. So you had Iran and
then you had Japan going into today a
very weak Japanese currency and then the
Fed story suddenly drop on the terminals
and then you have the dollar reversing
everything. It's now weaker against most
major peers.
>> You're sort of entering uncharted
territory when it comes to the Fed,
right, with these criminal charges that
are being brought forward here. Uh and
and Powell has signaled in a way it
seems like it's a push from the
government to really lower interest
rates, right? And does that mean we're
going to get a new Fed chair much sooner
>> than what markets are anticipating here?
And does that have more implications for
the dollar as you say yield curves as
well and maybe even more of that haven
bet when it comes to precious metals?
Yeah, I mean all of these things to your
point, right? All of these things
do point to the need and sort of
rationalize these flows we're getting
into precious metals,
>> right? So 81 82 on silver. Um it
continues whether or not you believe the
ddollarization story, the debasement
story, the flight to havens because of
what's taking place in the Middle East.
Uh it's understandable you're getting
the strongest bid right now across
precious metals.
>> Yeah. And then I think even when it
comes to what the US is going to do with
Iran, right, that's sort of the next
sign to watch here. You talk about what
President Trump has said over the
weekend that, you know, they're ready to
hit hard if Iran continues to uh go and
quell protests and the like. [music] And
so the options and towards what we've
been hearing from our sources of what
the president and the US might be
considering uh when it comes to the
response to Iran, that certainly is what
we're watching very closely here uh this
morning. So certainly there's a lot of
talk about geopolitics, uh, economics
and the like here. Let's bring in Gene
Cha, global chief investment officer at
Bank of Singapore. Perfect timing to
really have you here, Gan to tell us a
bit more about what your outlook for
2026 is. It seems like geopolitics is
really much front and center now.
>> So what a time to be here,
>> David and Ivon. Um I think the base case
we had come up with even from the start
of the year and indeed for most part of
last year is that increased noise level
from in terms of geopolitics and to the
extent that that actually impacts the
economic um world order as well. So
geoeconomics has become a front and
center uh no longer an idiosyncratic uh
phenomenon but just part of the
necessary noise that we're going to
encounter for the most part of this
year. Now what we of course did not
expect is the space and time and the
time frame that this all happened within
the first week of January. uh but I
think more importantly how we positioned
uh in anticipation of such changes
dramatic changes in terms of the world
order is indeed what you mentioned as
well the um allocation in our portfolios
towards um gold for example and precious
metals on the one hand but also
factoring in that the geopolitical
tensions do feed into the US dollar
weakness that we are expecting um more
from a strategic and of structural
standpoint as well
>> what what isn't clear. I want to get
more on your gold comment in a moment,
but you know when you look at the top
news has really been geopolitical,
right? And you know, no pun intended, we
are entering new territory on some
fronts,
>> but the global econ backdrop is the
global economy seems to be resilient and
doing okay. And I wonder whether that
affects even on the margin your appetite
for risk assets and what 2026 might be
like in terms of risk assets.
>> Very good question. Uh and it's ironic
that in an environment like this uh we
actually started the year with a risk on
um stance in terms of our asset
allocation. Okay.
>> So why is that so? We believe that
what's very supportive uh in terms of
the outlook at least on the markets is
really the lower interest rate
environment and be as it may whatever
form that comes about the pace as well
as now uh questions over you know
whether the extent to which um the white
house has uh influence over the fed's
decision the fundamentals of the economy
remain relatively strong now to the
extent how strong is it and what's the
impact on uh the US consumer is is
another topic to be discussed but at
least on the headline numbers growth
appears to be intact and uh that
actually is a very supportive backrop
backdrop uh along with the weak dollar
for US corporates uh in general but also
for business environment overall. So
that actually uh gives us that
confidence that that is risk assets do
um actually stand in a good position for
the rest most part of this year.
However, um I think the dynamics have
changed dramatically. Uh and our
overweight is not on the US but on AsiaX
Japan. Um so in terms of asset
allocation, we're also nuancing the view
with being very specific on the areas
that we are more positive on versus the
general market. Is it just a valuation
story when it comes to Asia equities
where compared to the US it still looks
relatively cheap and that maybe there is
still more to go in this whole AI trade
or do you see some sort of cyclical sort
of factor here where where growth is is
doing quite well in this part of the
world as well.
>> So there are two parts to this uh and it
actually links to the new world order to
some extent. So first of all uh in terms
of the AI race I think we're starting to
see a bifocation in terms of the pace as
well as the nature of development in AI
and while we remain very committed to
the AI trade. I think the way that we
get exposure to AI is no longer in the
upstream segment uh which is you know
the max 7 0ero to one development in the
US but more now the AI proliferation and
AI applications which is the one to 100
that Asian as well as China uh
development is taking us. So broadening
that trade uh on the AI theme is one
dynamic that you know from a thematic
standpoint and valuations remain
relatively attractive uh visav global
equities and so we believe that Asia X
Japan still has uh that support the
valuation support uh and finally I think
the new world order also means that
capital allocation may start to shift I
mean traditionally you know where we've
always talked about that the US is not
the only game in town anymore uh but
remains very concentrated in most
portfolios as an overweight uh for for
the several years now. So to the extent
that at the margin if there's allocation
into Asia Japan um while it's done very
well right 30% up in US dollar terms uh
last year I think the weakening dollar
as well as the geopolitical situation
just gives us more further in terms of
uh reasons to uh be overweight Asian
equities uh in in a more structural way.
I mean that circles back quite funnily
into the gold story right and I wonder
well first what what are your clients
asking you about gold and I imagine
that's something to the extent of do I
add more exposure but is there anything
beyond is gold beyond a tactical trade
>> at this point
>> absolutely
>> but it doesn't yield you anything is is
is the other point to that
>> so it's the price to pay uh to allocate
gold into your portfolios and why is
that so we've done a lot of studies uh
going into history on the role of goal
uh in a geopolitical environment as well
as any sort of flux we're seeing in the
currency market. Um so I think gold if
you see it in a as an asset allocation
tool is very different than if you look
at it as a speculative uh tactical trade
and of course that's both worked out in
uh both 24 and 25. uh but that said I
think we've already allocated uh to go
for the last two years in our strategic
asset allocation framework uh which is
uh something that goes beyond uh where
the price is at any point in time. It's
how the asset class behaves that is more
interesting for us in terms of uh the
correlation or lack of correlation to
certain currencies as well as to uh
reaction to uh geopolitical noise. So we
think that it's important for um our
clients as well as uh asset allocators
to look at gold more as a strategic
asset allocation which also means that
you shouldn't be uh overly exuberant in
times when the momentum is very high but
at the same time maintain the goal
allocation as as sort of the balance you
have in the portfolio.
>> You mentioned lower interest rate
environments good for for equities good
you know weak for the dollar. How should
I look at bonds overall just given what
we've seen in this latest sort of attack
on the Fed from the government? Does
that undermine in any way the Treasury
market in your eyes?
>> Yes, I think the the point now in terms
of credit versus duration. I mean, where
do we stand on that? At this point,
we're relatively neutral on duration. uh
because of the uncertainties that we're
seeing in terms of where our rates go
going forward. Consensus is already
priced in to the extent that uh we are
consensus is expecting two rate cuts uh
this year. Now the timing of which will
be very much dependent on the
developments on the Federal Reserve port
as well as the data coming in. So I know
we said that the jobs report maybe is
not as uh headline grabbing today versus
on Friday but it is an important report
as a signal of the health of the uh US
labor market. So the unemployment number
coming down to 4.4% is actually a
reversal of trend and that actually
means that uh the consensus may not be
as straightforward as before. So it's
more likely that perhaps on a timing
basis we don't get a rate cut in January
but certainly at least uh in in
anticipation of uh the first half
perhaps. So that puts some uncertainty
on bonds but from a total return basis
bonds still plays a very important role
in our portfolios. Uh granted that
spreads are relatively tight in high
quality bonds but we do think that bonds
still you know deliver a very attractive
all-in yield in an environment where
inflation is non zero we do need the
income uh coming out of bonds but more
importantly I think uh we also advise
clients to look beyond bonds uh in
search of yield right and yield can come
in various forms whether in the private
credit space in terms of also equity
yield which is relatively attractive
here in Asia Um so we do think that uh
broadening out that yield uh environment
in terms of where we get yield could be
also uh constructive for uh our
investors.
>> Gene, hold out that we more from Gene
Cha there, global chief investment
officer for Bank of Singapore. She's in
Hong Kong for us here today. We have
more coming up as we countdown to the
open of trade in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and
Hong Kong. It's a busy busy Monday
morning in terms of news flow here.
Futures though still up when it comes to
China. We're up about a quarter of 1%.
This is the China show.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Good Monday morning. Welcome back.
You're just in time here for the fix of
the day on your screens. Reason that
[music] is perhaps of uh more
significance today is given this uh
nearly across the board drop in in the
US dollar. Uh if you're wondering what
equities are doing, we're extending the
gains that we had uh from Friday,
although US futures are pairing some of
the gains in the Monday session. And as
far as the precious metal space is
concerned, so oil is up, precious metals
up even further as a way just to recap
more where markets are with everything
that's going on. We haven't even talked
about what's happening in what could
happen in Tokyo, in Japan. Yeah, I mean
that that weakness in in the yen as you
mentioned has reversed a little bit just
given the Fed news, but certainly that
is going to be front and center when
Japanese markets uh open up here
tomorrow. Uh it certainly is going to be
the case given what we've hear from
local media, right? They're saying that
Prime Minister Sia Takiichi is
considering calling snap elections next
month. Now adding to the speculation
remarks from a party leader in her
ruling coalition who cited a shift to
quote a new stage in politics. Let's
bring in our chief Malaysia
correspondent Stephen Engel. He's been
tracking all developments for us. Uh a
new stage uh what what does that tell us
here on what's to come?
>> It tells us that perhaps this snap
election is going to come sooner than uh
many had expected. A lot of people were
expecting after uh the budget is passed.
You know, her budget needs to be uh
passed by the end of March, the end of
this uh current calendar, first quarter,
the beginning of the fiscal new year.
that was widely believed to be her main
priority obviously. Uh but now given,
you know, her her polling numbers, if
you will, are upwards of around 70%. I
saw a poll this morning from JNN saying
her cabinet's approval rating was at
78%. So perhaps she's looking at and the
party uh elders are looking at sort of
uh leveraging her popularity right now,
maybe getting a few more seats uh going
forward uh uh you know to kind of back
her her fiscal stimulus uh policies. Um
but again, it's a razor thin majority
that she has right now uh in the lower
house and she's actually does not have a
majority in the upper house. So this
snap election would dissolve the lower
house. Uh and then you know a lot of
speculation is that it could be as soon
as the opening day of the next session
of uh the diet which is January 23rd. So
that's 11 days from now. Uh that would
then according to the speculation uh
that was also posted Friday by the
Yumuri newspaper uh that then the
election could happen as soon as
February 8th or February 15th. Um and
again the constitutional democratic
party the main opposition party says uh
January 23rd dissolution of the lower
house is very likely. So it's not it's
not a foregone conclusion guys uh
because there there are still lots of
issues to get through the cost of living
issues in Japan uh passing the budget
but at the same time her popularity has
been burnished by what has been a sort
of a steadfast stance against China uh
in that ongoing spat.
Steve, just I want to talk about the yen
component here and I think our producers
are about to flash a a a two-day a
two-day look at the yen, right? So,
going into today, one-year low on the
currency
>> and we were talking in the newsroom
whether or not this might merit a
conversation around y intervention or
you know early innings of that and then
the DOJ the New York Times story dropped
>> and arguably they did the intervention
on the part of the ministry of finance.
H how should we be looking at that risk
at this point in time going into this
fresh week?
>> Yeah, I think you're absolutely right.
The yen appreciation against the dollar
has more to do with uh dollar weakness
right now. Uh but there is speculation
of course as we were at 15818.
uh the last time I was on about two
hours ago uh and heading towards 160 it
was weakening against the dollar
strengthening now perhaps because of
that subpoena story that came out on on
the Fed. So again are we in intervention
watch? Well yeah when the yen is at 158
or thereabouts we are always on that.
But again the officials we've spoken to
uh within the Ministry of Finance it's
not necessarily about 160 to the dollar
or a specific number. It's about the
pace of depreciation against the dollar
that they're concerned about for uh
possible intervention. But I think
anytime uh going forward until we do get
a dissolution of parliament of the lower
house or you know confirmation from uh
Takiichi's government uh you're going to
have sort of speculation that there
could be a ministry of finance
intervention on the yen.
Steve there in Shanghai for us our chief
North Asia correspondent the other angle
to the China story on this that we
didn't get to we'll talk about it later
is the Nik's reporting that China might
be looking to curb civilian use of rare
earth exports to Japan which is of
course something that is of more
consequence there uh still with us here
on set Gian global chief investment
officer at Bank of Singapore I Japan's
been favored for three years as an
equity market does this change anything
in your view from a very sort of top
level perspective
>> so as a Japanese investor I think what
we are looking for is really the
fundamental change in the economy
especially with regards to corporate
restructuring uh potential M&A and just
consolidation of you know inefficient
industries. So that's been a multi-year
um phenomenon for the last two to three
years and Japan was indeed one of the
best performing markets uh last year uh
in the yen in yen terms at least. So
that actually shows that um I think
investors are much more focused on
longerterm trends. Uh it's a base case
that the yen will be volatile not in its
own right but because of the US dollar
uh volatility that we are seeing that
does whipssaw the yen uh unnecessarily
at some points but we would like to see
for example the bo the boj getting back
on track in terms [clears throat] of um
rate hikes potentially and also the
inflationary uh expectations for the for
the year ahead. Um but I think from a
fundamental standpoint we've already
gone neutral on Japan uh ahead of of
course the fact that it's done very well
for the last uh two years. uh but we do
remain very constructive because Japan
or indeed North Asia has been one of the
beneficiaries of flows looking for AI
proxies if you like
>> then and I think that continues because
a lot of the upstream uh production
semiconductors uh are ste still very
much uh dominant in both Japan and
Korea. So we do think that North Asia
remains a very important market as far
as investment is concerned. All right,
Jean, we'll have more from Jean Chad
there, global chief investment officer,
Bank of Singapore. Staying with us, of
course, and of course, we countd down to
the open in China. We'll see. I mean,
futures are still pointing quite
positively here. And hanging is also up
by half of [music] 1% in the pre-market.
Key to watch is the strength in the
remn. We're at 696 [music] levels right
now just given the weakness that we see
in the dollar given those Fed headlines
here. So certainly that's going to be
dominant here. Is Asia going [music] to
be that sort of haven play? Looks to be
the case here so far on this Monday
morning. putting more ahead. This is
Bloomberg,
some stocks to watch. Uh the obvious
ones, which of course is the oil majors
here this morning, just given what we've
been seeing when it comes to oil prices.
And certainly [music]
uh we're coming off some of the initial
moves that we saw when it comes to crude
markets, but we're still seeing in terms
of [music] the equity space there.
They're still benefiting from that oil
pop that we saw the last few days or so.
Petro China up about 1%.
>> Yep. Uh trading debut today. Chinese
chip designer Omnivision up in the gray
market up a little bit going into the
opening bell. Of course, in live
pictures [music] out of the exchange,
which is almost a daily exercise on this
part, the banging of that gong, [music]
the opening bell, all that is just
ahead. You're watching the China Show.
Good morning.
[music]
Right, welcome back. You're watching the
China show. We are counting down to the
first session of the week. Uh we're
higher half% in the hanging index.
[music] A50 futures are pointing to some
upside. Japan cash markets are closed.
The rest of the region is doing well. I
think Korea and Taiwan uh last week are
up 1%. AI continues to be a theme. And
speaking of AI, Omni Vision, which is a
chip designer, is making its debut here
in Hong Kong.
>> Yeah, that certainly is going to be the
buzzword here today. And given all the
news flow, we wonder how it's going to
do.
>> [music]
>> But seems like at least for now, you're
seeing this region and the equity space
still looking favorable here just given
[music] the risk that we've been seeing
uh when it comes to Fed dependence with
of course this criminal case or criminal
charges being put forth here on the Fed.
Uh is that going to be a direct sort of
threat to the dollar to the Treasury
market. But there you go. Oh, multiple
gong bangs here for Omni Vision. But
certainly there $616 million raised
there for the company. Uh but certainly
yes it's it's a big big week big big
year already when it comes to IPOs here
in Hong Kong. Looks like the good times
continue here at a for Omnivision first
day 5% off.
>> Yeah. Uh just to mention that too. So
this time tomorrow it's going to be Giga
Device which I think priced at the top
end of the range is something to watch
ahead to.
>> Oh. Oh. Thor would be happy with a
golden hammer.
>> Golden hammer.
>> Yeah.
>> Oh. Is it a special one?
>> Okay.
>> Oh interesting. Is that a new thing?
>> Well, I mean with gold prices where they
are, I wouldn't be surprised. be worth a
lot.
>> Yeah, it doesn't look as heavy though as
as as as one would think. I mean, if
that is it's worth its gold in in terms
of ounces then that's certainly much
much more. Uh but yes, it is a golden
era gift that they give out to all the
the new one. I know. Oh, there's Oh,
yeah. There's things
>> we need props here, too.
>> Yeah. Um there you go. Uh it looks to be
pretty golden when it comes to equities
still here today. So, onshore markets
are still looking pretty good. Shenzhen
seems to be outperforming at the get-go
here. Of course, we're watching very
closely what commodities are doing. It
still seems like things are firing up
there with you see crude, Shanghai crude
is doing a catch-up story. We're up some
2%. But copper is still up some 3%. Uh
and certainly that has continued to be a
very bullish story when it comes to Dr.
Copper as well. Uh focusing of course
when it comes to the tech space, you're
still seeing, you know, the chip space,
the hardware space still doing quite
well. Look at camera tech. We're up two
and a half% here. Uh and so it seems
like right now onshore is still looking
strong. Let's see how Hong Kong does
here because you know the battle between
A and H seems to be leaning towards A
this year given from what we've been
hearing so far from a lot of the
analysts but seems like today you're
still getting a flavor of H's tech there
where we're still seeing about 3/4%
upside. Uh interesting to note right
we've been hearing a lot more rhetoric
from the regulators in China when it
comes to the food delivery space the
intense competition. So we did see the
antirust body in the recent news probing
this you know what we've been seeing in
the food delivery space as well that
certainly is going to be a key focus for
the likes of Maitto but we are seeing
the stock up some 3% here today bid is
also up some 2% so doing quite well on
that front Xiaomi is heading bucking the
trend in some ways we're down about 1%
uh dollar China that's one to watch as
well just given the dollar moves that
we've seen does that give more impetus
for a stronger currency and we're seeing
697 levels uh so we are well below that
seven handle here right now when it
comes to dollar China one to watch
though given the Iran situation also I
think when it comes to oil stocks right
so certainly it's interesting the
reaction that we've been seeing there
you go it's a bit of a mixed picture
though um it's interesting though when
you look at the response that we saw
some of these oil stocks in China after
Venezuela they definitely got smacked at
that time
>> this time around you see a bit more of a
mixed picture among some of these oil
players here just given the fact that
they are also a very big importer of
Iranian oil much more could be at stake
when it comes to oil markets given the
Iran situation. You know, it seems like
right now we are on the brink of some
collapse here when it comes to regime.
So certainly we're watching that very
closely here. Ningbo rubber that one is
coming back online.
>> It's down a lot.
>> Oh, there you go.
>> Oh, okay.
>> After that pro, we're down limit down.
>> Yeah, it's being investigated. Uh let me
just have a look at So where were So
it's it's resuming trade today as Ivon
is pointing out here. So the regulator
is investigating the company. This is
the CSRC
uh for suspected major omissions in
terms of disclosures regarding abnormal
flu abnormal share price fluctuations
which is I mean somewhat ironic but uh
it goes back to the fact that we are
getting some substantial oil uh share
price fluctuations there uh on the stock
itself. Okay. Uh just for some final
thoughts on
what everything what's noise signal uh
and especially what's really been a an
asset class that's almost gone
completely on its own it's dancing to
its own to the Chinese markets the AI
play there uh Gene Shia still here with
us on set global chief investment
officer at Bank of Singapore Chinese
markets had a breakout year last year
outperforming the S&P advice are you
giving your clients now in terms of
exposure there
>> just to give you a bit of uh a backdrop
and background is that we went
overweight on uh Hong Kong China in Q3
of 2024. Back then, if you recall, um it
was the PBOC one, right?
>> Lots of stimulus,
>> not just [laughter] stimulus, but it was
thankfully pre-stimulus. But also at
that time, you know, I think uh
allocation was relatively light across
most investors uh mostly underweight and
at best neutral because there was still
a lot of uh concerns over the real
estate market and uh consumption as a
whole. And of course the policy stimulus
came about perhaps was a little bit of a
disappointment at that time. Uh but I
think investors have gotten round to the
fact that this is a new phase in terms
of policy direction um over the past
year and also a rearticulated at the
CEWC uh and uh was the policy direction
is very much more about a um more stabil
stable growth environment as opposed to
hitting the headlines on GDP growth. So
that actually bodess well in terms of uh
the stability of the various sectors uh
and the broadening of the market in
general for a more sustainable
investment landscape ahead. So we remain
uh overweight on Asia Japan as well as
Hong Kong China all through that period
and we continue to open the year with an
overweight on Hong Kong China as well as
Singapore and Malaysia uh for the Ajax
Japan overweight. And why is that so? We
do think that valuations still remain
relatively attractive. Yes, it's had a
good run and therefore we're a bit more
cautious perhaps on the stock picking
front. So we believe in more of a
barbell approach if you like. On the one
hand, high quality yield plays uh that
continue to provide stability and
exposure on the thematic front uh on the
AI plays as well as policy
beneficiaries. Um what's been clear are
the eight policy priorities for the
year. Uh which of course we're seeing
more uh color and more details in when
the NPC uh does come about in March and
we get more details but at least from a
directional point of view we think that
the policies are very constructive
including as you mentioned the consumer
subsidies as well you know broadening of
the definitions all that is uh pointing
to one thing affordability. So I think
not just in China but globally and in
the US the key concern now is
affordability as incomes or wage growth
uh fail to keep up potentially with
inflationary expectations. In China it's
a slightly different dynamic of course.
Uh but certainly we look for the uh
final two sort of concerns for the
market. One is consumption growth. So
any policies that potentially could ease
pressure on um the still quite nent
consumption growth would be very
helpful. Secondly, of course,
stabilization of the real estate market,
which has been the bug bear for many
years now. If that potentially could we
could see some uh stability going
forward or at least bottoming out, that
will both be very strong catalyst for
the Chinese market.
>> You mentioned you see room for this
rally to to broaden. So, beyond tech, I
mean, where do you see as the the new
opportunities now?
>> Yeah. So similar to um where we see the
AI trade generally speaking I think
China has articulated a strategy on AI
adoption across uh industries uh up to
2025 uh 2035 right for all uh the
industries to start to use AI. So we
expect the proliferation of AI uh use
cases to translate into potentially
margin expansion earnings growth and uh
new areas where AI can be applied.
Right? So I think uh while the first
phase of the AI adoption is very much uh
in the large language models and very
basic applications, this could start to
uh go into areas like health tech uh or
in terms of the renewable energy uh sort
of developments to support AI growth. I
think all of these are potential sort of
ecosystem uh beneficiaries that start to
um come about and you know the strong
IPO pipeline that we are seeing both in
the A and HM market potentially we can
see more new players uh in the sub
sectors which will broaden out the
expans uh the market uh penetration.
Yeah.
>> Okay. Jean it's great to have you. Thank
you for sticking around with us this
hour. Gene Cha there global chief
investment officer Bank of Singapore.
She's been covering all things for us.
Yep.
>> Given the news flow. Uh we got more
breaking news coming through from the US
president. So Trump says that he is now
looking at ways to the response to Iran.
So the call to Iran called to negotiate
yesterday on nuclear and he also says he
may meet with Iran. Uh this of course as
we've been hearing that President Trump
has been weighing his options when it
comes to the country amid these
nationwide protests that activists say
have left hundreds of people dead at the
hands of security forces.
>> Okay.
>> We're looking at it very seriously. the
military is looking at it and uh we're
looking at some very strong options.
>> Right. Uh just to I feel like we've had
this oil context global context
conversation with the Venezuela story
last week. Yeah.
>> Uh similar paradigm but certainly a much
bigger in terms of actual production is
concerned. Right. So uh just uh Iran in
terms of by the numbers if you look at
its oil production when you look at OPEC
right? So, how does the pie split? And
this is based on the latest numbers late
last year coming up on your screens. So,
we're going from I think it's Saudis
number one and then in terms of you go
down the ranking, Iran comes in at
number four uh 11 12%. Now, in terms of
the spare capacity, Iran goes up by one
ranking to number three in terms of uh
total capacity estimated uh less what
they're actually turnurning out as of
December gets you to about half a
million barrels in terms of spare
capacity. Now, where does the China
angle come in here? Right? So most and
when you look at various data sets most
of what Iran pumps out the vast majority
goes to China. 90% is what China buys
roughly based on the numbers out there.
And as you can see on the graphic on the
left side which is Bloomberg estimates
of Iranian oil exports to China and as
you can see in the last year or so
that's spiked up substantially uh to
where it is right now. So you put the
numbers together, uh, China does get, I
think it's about 13, 14, 15% thereabouts
of their oil mix from Iran, but from an
Iranian perspective, it's almost
everything goes to, uh, the Chinese.
>> Yeah. And for more on really how oil
markets are reacting to the protests in
Iran. Let's bring in our oil trading
reporter, Ronway Neo, on really what
conversations with oil traders have been
like. I wonder, Ronway, over the weekend
here. You know, we we look at the
Venezuela situation and people thought,
"Yeah, I I I don't think it's going to
be that market moving." You know, is is
the Iran situation more of a wild card?
>> Well, so it's been a week of fraught
with a lot of risks to the oil markets.
I remember just a week ago I was here at
this studio explaining what uh the
Venezuela situation means for global oil
markets and now we're looking at Iran.
However, the conversation over the
weekend, we do have to note that a lot
of the developments in Iran, yes, uh
there is escalating unrests and there is
increased uh caution as well as fears
that um US President Trump could take uh
real action against uh the Iran forces
soon uh in a bit to counteract um their
actions against uh their very own
domestic protesters. But a lot of these
are in early stages. We haven't quite
confirmed or seen if any of these
unrests are actually uh centered or
affecting any of the oil producing
regions in Iran. And also um even though
despite President Trump's comments, uh
he hasn't he's slated for a meeting
later this week to discuss his options
against Iran. So nothing quite has
spilled over into the physical market
just yet. And today's oil prices is
testament to that. At open oil prices
rose slightly on increased fears but as
the market begin to digest what it
actually means for the physical flows of
oil uh prices have started to come down
quite a bit and that's where we are at
in terms of this developing situation.
Yeah, and I think you were getting
seated wrong way. Well, this line
crossed of perhaps it's going to be more
a conversation ahead of perhaps anything
more drastic that Donald Trump saying
that he may meet with Iran and they call
to negotiate. What scenarios
um have have traders that you speak to
gamed out uh based on what that means
for the oil price?
So largely um as uh both of you have
have rightfully mentioned earlier uh the
biggest impact uh in the physical market
will likely be felt in its uh Iran's
biggest buyer which is China here. Now
um for some context China has been uh
absorbing about 90% of Iranian exports
and it comes as a good time as uh Iran
oil is sanctioned which means
practically everyone else in the oil
markets are kind of steering away from
it. So, China has long been enjoying
like steep discounts on Iranian crude
and that has helped them as they grapple
with a lower uh domestic crude um demand
as well as poorer margins. So, uh these
refineries they are really reliant on
such cheaper crude to keep things going.
And uh one of the situations or one of
the scenarios that traders are looking
at is if um this sanction flow from Iran
to China is sort of cut off, it really
pushes um China onto uh the mainstream
market, they'll be likely taking in more
crude from the mainstream market and
competing with other buyers for your
typical Middle Eastern grades, your
mainstream ones. And that's one uh I
would say typical fear that the market
has.
Ruino, thank you so much, sir. Oil
trading reporter in Singapore for us. As
we were just talking, there oil prices
hitting session lows right now in Brent
6292 right now. The most active contract
coming through and there's a separate
but related bid uh across precious
metals. We are coming off highs, but as
you can see substantially to the upside
uh this Monday, the currency markets,
it's this one is very consistent and
clear just about across the board.
Dollar is weaker against most peers as
you can see on the screen. Dollar China
right now 69729.
[music]
Right, we're barely two weeks into uh
the year, but it's still [music] it's
been a consistent theme that's really
carried over into 2026. this uh the
strong bid that Chinese healthc care
stocks are catching year to date. We're
already up 13% after what's already was
a fantastic year uh for biotech
specifically uh in 2025. Uh joining us
to to help us understand where the
industry is specifically on a corporate
basis and what trends to watch. Uh
joining us now is Lindsy Goo, head of
business development at HighCow uh
Pharma Group joining us to just help us
understand and of course it's a big
biotech conference that's taking place
of course is that's a JP Morgan call. Uh
Lindsay, good morning from the Asia
Pacific. Thank you for joining us. I
believe on your Sunday. So talk to us. I
believe you guys have an announcement to
make. Just help us understand what that
is.
>> Uh thank you for having me. So last week
we enter into a license collaboration
with uh uh air and access. So this is
actually a new company backed by uh
several blue chip US investors including
Freezia Life science orbat and Goldman
Sachs. So by entering into this
partnership with with air and access is
enabled to receive a solid upfront of
over 100 million US and also the total
deal value can come up to over $1
billion plus equities plus equities
royalties and also the sublicence
income. So to us it's a quite
encouraging u collaboration or
partnership we look forward.
Yeah, Aaron Nexus, this is as you
mentioned a so-called new co, which is a
a newly formed VC backed sort of
startup. Can you tell us a little bit
more about the rationale of choosing to
use them as a partner versus a more
established biotech or farmer name?
>> So this time uh we collaborated with
what Nexus and also the blue check
investors I just mentioned uh with the
asset which is HSK 39004.
So it's a dual PD3 and four inhibitor.
We have both formulations the nebulizer
and the DPI. So other than a traditional
um pure our licensing deal under the new
coal model that high school is entitled
to 19.9% of the new code stake. So in
which we believe that we are more close
closely involved in the product
development uh in the future and also we
are able to share the upside with our
partners and with our stakeholders. So
that's kind of the the the main
difference which is different from the
the traditional licensing deals.
>> And does this tell us anything that's
more specific on your plans in terms of
overseas expansion lens?
>> Mhm. Um so through this because high
school is really a innovation anddriven
company from China and with
collaboration we think that signals that
you know the premier investors in the US
they recognize and also has a great
confidence in the data we generated in
China. So also in light of this trend we
were hoping that high school step onto a
more partnershipled
uh globalization with our company. So we
will seek for a more strategic fit and
active partners to globalize to to do
the global development of our our
assets.
>> Yeah. Can you tell us more about what
what could be on your radar in terms of
future licensing deals? Tell us a bit
more about your overseas ambitions.
>> Mhm. So for now within high school we
have uh 48 research programs ongoing and
among them we have around 30 active
pipelines. So I would I would say all
those assets we are eager and actively
looking for partnerships. So regarding
uh we definitely will focus more on the
more matured pipeline such as and for
instance we have a PD4B inhibitor which
is completing the phase 2 in China and
for that we are looking for the partners
with the capabilities in IPF and also
multiple autoimmune disorders and other
than that we also have a we believe
which can be a potential blockbuster is
oral IO23 peptide. So for this one we
have already entered into phase two
development for psoriasis and also IBD
indications. So for that one we also are
looking um to a active partnership on
those two assets
>> and uh speaking for early stage assets
we are looking for the discovery um
platform collaboration and also the
platform collaboration
>> and we don't see many I think that the
point you're making that you're open to
collaboration on many fronts multiple in
fact I think is an understatement just
judging by the tone Lindsay we don't see
many Chinese companies going at it on
their on especially overseas and late
stage. Do you think that's a trend that
we should expect to continue? What do
you think the challenges are for that to
change longer term?
>> Mhm.
>> Uh I think the reason why uh still uh uh
the biotech or pharma players in China
we look for a partnership led strategy
instead instead of doing our own
commercializations in the US and Europe
is that the commercial success is built
on accumulation. So that cannot you know
happen without years of experience and a
track record in accumulating the right
people having the right team to promote
the product in the US and Europe. So so
far maybe while speaking for high school
uh we don't have that in infrastructure
established so so far so far recognized
um the limitation so we still rule for a
partnership led strategy but on on other
hand I think high school uh has invested
have invested heavily into our R&D so
definitely our pipeline and our R&D
capability is more on the main stage so
that one we try to leverage the existing
capability and complement and with our
partners capabilities to to to provide
our drugs to to serve the patients
worldwide.
>> I'm just wondering in terms of
domestically in China, um obviously
we've been seeing some of your peers
dealing with issues like discounts and
and the the intense competition and the
pharma side of things. I mean, how are
you looking at the domestic market uh
overall and maybe some of the key
challenges that you're focusing on for
2026 now?
>> Mhm. Mhm. Um yes, there's definitely a
very heavy u pricing pressure in the
industry. I think that's also the reason
why uh high school transitioned itself
from a more generic focused business to
an innovative focused business. So for
now we've launched uh for our
proprietary innovative medicines. So to
conquer or how to um face the severe
competition is that when we orchestrated
our pipeline, we try to avoid a highly
competitive segment you know those the
rare oceans uh segments and I try to
focus more on the for instance we have
built a pipeline on anesthesia drugs and
many uh and pulmonary uh fibrosis and
many specifically on chronic diseases in
renal and the liver disease area. So, so
the well the strategy high school is
rooting for is try to avoid the red
ocean and or differentiated pipeline.
Lindsay, it's great to have you. Thank
you so much for joining us. Lindsy Goo,
head of business development at High
School Pharmaceutical Group. The company
is of course taking part in the 44th
annual healthc care conference hosted by
JP Morgan in San Francisco. All right,
we're checking markets here right now.
Obviously, a lot of news flow here, but
we're watching some of these Deep Seek
Link stocks here right now. So, they're
all rallying after this report. Oh, get
this V4 model launch. So, I think
anything deep sea related certainly does
lift the markets and moves the markets
when it comes to little AI play here
this morning. So, there you go. You see
some substantial moves there on that
front. We're also watching battery
stocks. When you look at China, when you
look at Korea as well, there's been sort
of news uh of them on this export tax
[music] rebate change. Uh so, you are
seeing uh a bit of a drop here on some
of the China battery shares. You're
watching the China Show.
The threat of criminal charges is a
consequence of the Federal Reserve
setting interest rates based on our best
assessment of what will serve the public
rather than following the preferences of
the president.
This is about whether the Fed will be
able to continue to set interest rates
based on evidence [music] and economic
conditions or whether instead monetary
policy will be directed by political
pressure or [music] intimidation.
Fed chair Jay Powder speaking after the
Justice Department issued subpoenas
against the central bank, threatening a
criminal indictment related to his June
congressional testimony on renovations
of the Fed's headquarters. Welcome back
to the China Show, guys. It is a busy
busy news day and we did not expect this
news uh when it came to the Fed to
really drop into our inboxes here this
morning but certainly that is the case
and that's why we are seeing dollar
basically weaker across most major
currencies and EMFX here this morning
and that certainly is helping at least
the equity space in this part of the
world too still Dave.
>> Yeah. Yeah, it really is. In fact, if
Japan was also open because that's the
other story we'll get to later. It would
be trading at 54,000 when you on the
nick specifically when you look at where
futures are trading. Uh there was a very
weak yen story until the dollar started
to to crumble uh in the early goingings
and hence the levels you're tracking uh
on your screens right now with the
dollar that's weaker just about against
everything uh with the exception I had a
look at I think it was the Russian ruble
and the Turkish ler very early apart
from those two it dollar is trading uh
weaker against most peers it's also a
commodity story related to that so
everything from um from Brent which is
last we checked was trading at session
lows we have managed to claw back at the
63 handle and this very strong bid we're
seeing across precious metals 5% to the
upside on silver fresh record for gold
we're trading richer by about 2% as far
as that's concerned that's also having
an impact on the equity markets to
Ivon's point where you have materials
leading uh the gains uh today along with
of course the tech overlay which is AI
but we can get to that I guess another
day
>> yeah let's go more on this top story
here uh when it comes to the US justice
department threats of a criminal
indictment over J Pal's congressional
testimony about the renovations of
course of the Fed headquarters here. Uh
you just heard from of course Jay Powell
there. Uh that's just a pretext. The
investigation is really motivated by
President Trump's desire he says for
lower interest rates. Let's bring in our
Federal Reserve and economy reporter
Edna Curran joining us from DC. This
certainly is a bit of surprise uh this
morning and but just walk us through I
mean that it seemed just from the tone
from from J Pal who's a bit shaken by
this news.
Yes, Ivon, it is a surprise and it's a
dramatic escalation of the Trump's White
House pressure on the Fed. On the one
hand, it's clearly another political
attack on on the Fed using the
renovation testimony as a weigh in uh to
put more pressure on the Fed. Obviously,
we know they want to bring down interest
rates, but the White House
administration clearly wants Fed Chair
Jerome Powell to not just when he when
he finishes up his termish chair in May
to uh to make sure that he moves off the
board as well. he can actually stay in
the board of the Fed until 2028. So
that's that's the political pressure
side of it. And then of course the Fed
response is also very notable. I've been
speaking to people tonight and clearly
this kind of sense now that all nicities
uh such as their war are now done with
all globes are off. The Fed is calling
this out for what it is, which in there
they are saying it's clearly a political
attack on the Fed to steer policy, steer
personnel, not in ways that are driven
by what the economy needs, but in ways
that are driven by what the political
cycle needs. So, it's quite an
escalation. It's clearly a very serious
move and it's all about more political
pressure on the Fed.
>> Yeah. I guess and before we talk about
the policy potential policy
implications, I I want to highlight
again criminal the threat of criminal
charges. What I mean what could happen
here given that that that that new
component?
>> Well, there's a long way to go in terms
of what the legal process is here. This
is fairly unusual, unprecedented
territory for the Fed to find itself in.
Of course, it's a threat of an
indictment. You've already heard that um
the justice department are targeting
chair pal for remarks he made in
testimony about what exactly the fed
were doing with those renovations. The
fed is already pushing back in that
statement and the video by chair pow
contesting those allegations of course.
So that's going to be a long process in
and of itself that will follow a legal
route just like all the other legal
challenges going on in and around the
Fed and other agencies here. But if you
step back from that part of it, again,
speaking to people tonight, they're just
making the point that clearly the White
House is has a particular concern here
that Jerome Powell might remain on the
board of the Fed even after his termish
chair is up. Now the significance of
that is they President Trump has said
out loud he's looking to get a majority
on the board of the Fed and the the
outside perception looking in based on
the commentary from the White House is
that they want to get people on the
board of the Fed who are open to the
Trump White House view of the economy in
terms of what that is which is of course
lower interest rates and chair pow
staying on the board would potentially
be an obstacle to that. Now lots of
unknowns in this but that's how it's
being read by Fed watchers.
And what are you hearing from the
analysts that you're talking to? I mean,
we're seeing dollar is weaker across the
board. Does this just add more fuel to
the whole dollar debasement sort of
trade?
>> Well, you know, there's a couple of
things on it, Von. Near-term, people
aren't seeing this as sort of adjusting
the US monetary policy debate. That's a
kind of a different story. The Fed isn't
going to turn around and cut rates just
because of this. But to your point, the
optics of it are certainly not good to
have the Fed chair coming out in a
YouTube video on a Sunday night
defending the Fed's independence from
the White House. Uh some analysts I
spoke to tonight make the point that
markets will react very negatively. It
could be another one of these triggers
pulling money out of the US. We can't
overstate that at the moment though.
We've been through this sell America,
buy America story a lot last year and we
saw how that ended up. But right here,
right now, there's clearly it's negative
in terms of upticks for what it means
for the Fed as a preeminent global
economic institution. And the extension
of that is global investors won't like
it. And we'll see how the markets
respond as your day goes on and the US
day opens tomorrow.
>> Yeah. U based on the current pricing
early in the Asia Pacific, that looks to
be a weaker dollar going into the thick
of things this Monday. And fantastic.
Thank you. And a current there, our
Federal Reserve and economy reporter uh
over in Washington for us. It's a weaker
dollar, slightly weaker oil price.
Precious metals are bid on the back of
also separately uh all the developing
news coming out of Iran uh on the
weekend into some commentary in the last
few hours from the US president uh on
the Iranian story. Uh joining us now to
talk about the oil market implications,
Mukesh Shahv, uh founder, CEO and chief
oil analysts at ex analyst. He joins us
from Sydney. Uh, Mukesh, it was just
this time last week we were talking
about Venezuela, which didn't I think to
the point you made last week wasn't as
big or isn't present tense as big a deal
for oil markets, but this one is of
perhaps more global consequence. Uh,
what's what's the thinking now?
>> Yeah, good to be back on the shing.
Certainly Iran is different than
Venezuela in many respects. Number one,
Iran is of the right quality of the
crude oil which the China and the a lot
of countries are hungry for which is the
medium sar barrels whereas the
Venezuelan barrels were very heavy
barrels which only few refineries or
countries can process. So that makes it
a bigger deal. The second thing I would
say is that uh Iran is not just
exporting crude oil to China. It's quite
an exporter of the petrochemical feed
stocks, the propanes and butane. It's an
exporter of some good amount of high
sulfur fuel oil which goes into the
other Middle Eastern regions like EOE.
So it's a much bigger deal. It's of the
right quality and the numbers we are
talking about here are much bigger. Uh
we have seen now in the last December
almost uh close to 2 million barrels uh
of you know flows going to China. So I
guess there is a big rush to take the
oil to China in anticipation. And last
but not least, state of Hormuz always
remains is kind of a a fear a deterrent
uh always there in the market. So which
builds the risk premium.
>> There's a lot of questions on what the
US response is going to be given the
threats that we saw from President
Trump. What should the oil markets be
watching out for on on what the US
intervention uh sort of threat could
could mean?
>> I guess again Iran is different uh given
Iran has now as I said is exporting
almost close to 2 million barrels of
crude oil. It is also refining 1.5. So
we are talking about almost 3.5 million
barrels of production in the world
number one and of the right quality. I
my assessment is that uh depending upon
what kind of asurances US gets from
getting hand on the Venezuelan oil that
will determine the risk they can take on
Iran. So far the news is that all of the
US companies execs have not been so
enthusiastic to go back to Venezuela.
That will probably you know put us to
think about to cause a major disruption
uh in the markets right. So I guess for
now probably this will linger on and
there may be more deal settlement versus
more military style or Venezuela style
you know situation here.
>> Mckesh there doesn't seem to be anything
major that indicates that we could see a
disruption to oil supply from Iran. If
indeed we get to that situation though
and I think we have to take a lot of
boxes before we get there. uh what are
the implications uh when it comes to
China because they obviously they
purchase nearly all of what flows out of
Iran and I think it's what 13 correct me
if I'm wrong 13 14% of their oil uh of
their oil imports so so how does China
then how does that change the calculus
for China as a buyer
>> well I would say whether it is Iran
Russia Venezuela this is all targeted
towards China and US none of these
countries were selling to China probably
US might not go there that's number
Number two, you're right that China is a
big buyer, much bigger buyer compared to
Venezuela. Plus, I mentioned after US
and China trade dispute didn't resolve,
uh, US and China are very much coupled
on the petrochemical feed stocks. So,
China pushed back on the petrochemical
side and Iran provided some of those
molecules. So, yes, it's a much bigger
deal. But I also believe that China is
stocked up very well. It's not one day's
preparation. Like I mentioned in it last
time, China prepared well in advance and
is very stocked up. So for short-term if
this there is a disruption, China is
probably okay. But this could turn out
to be a winner for Canada because Canada
got worried uh if more Venezuelan flows
to the US, what happens? Uh but now if
less Iranian is available to China,
maybe China might bite more more
Canadians. So it's kind of a quite an
interesting reshuffle China has to do in
their crude buying portfolio. But for
now they are quite stocked up
wellloaded.
>> Yeah. And up until you know I I would
say maybe the last few days it seems
like this market was leaning more
bearish right that you know the concerns
around this global supply glut
overshadow what we saw was the political
theater that you're seeing in Venezuela
maybe in in Iran. I'm just wondering in
terms of oil prices where where do you
see things deviating in the next coming
days or months mukesh?
So another very important factor to
think is the timing right we are not in
the summer demand when US is hungry for
crude oil and many other countries we
are in the shoulder period that is one
reason I believe US is taking action and
getting tough right now as we get closer
to the summer probably US will not take
action so they have to do something in
the quarter 1 of 2026 when refineries
are going into big uh maintenance and
the crude demand is less they can do
some disruption so I guess the spike on
the crude price probably I don't see
elevated some risk premium yes but the
maintenance of refining system in the
quarter one will put a cap China's lock
uh storage is uh and high high stocks
will put a cap on the oil price some
elevation yes but the most important is
that the backation in the market has
strengthened that is what uh you know we
called for uh and that's what we are
seeing that's more important than just
the flat Nice.
>> Mesh, great to have you back again.
Thanks so much for kind of helping us
sort through the news here this morning.
Mukesh said there founder, CEO, and
chief oil analyst at X analyst joining
us from Sydney. For more views coming up
on the outlook for oil, we have FGE
founder and chairman Faradin Fisheri.
He's be speaking with Haz on Insight in
[music] the next hour. Uh but ahead of
that, HSBC Asset Management Asia CEO
Daisy Hoe joins us exclusively to
discuss [music] their expansion plans
fittingly in the Middle East. Yep. She
oversees Asia and the Middle East for
HSBC asset. That conversation's coming
up next.
[music]
All
right, we've been talking about how busy
things have been when it comes to the
news though here in certainly the Middle
East has been front and center here this
morning given the situation that's
happening and unfolding uh with Iran.
Um, interesting enough, we got to talk
about how that impacts maybe the
business environment and overall HSBC
asset management has gotten the green
light to move into investment and
portfolio management in the UAE. Now,
the bank has made the Middle East a key
focus under the CEO George Elhery.
Joining us exclusively now is Daisy Hoe,
Asia and Middle East CEO at HSBC Asset
Management. Daisy, it's great to have
you back on the China show and certainly
this is a big milestone for you guys.
Tell us a little bit more about this new
license. What what what can you do now
with it that you couldn't before?
>> Thank you David and Ivonne for having me
today. Uh we are very excited about the
opportunities in the Middle East region.
uh we are the first one uh amongst all
the global asset managers to obtain a
license from the local regulator
securities and commodities authority to
provide investment and portfolio
management services. So we are now
setting up a UAE branch based in Dubai
and offering a range of uh onshore funds
>> and specifically what offering can your
clients now look forward to as you
establish what strategies you you'll be
looking to to to present to them? So our
mission is very simple is to empower our
clients to invest in our worldclass
global strategy through a onshore
platform through the local gateway. Um
we are initially we are launching 10
funds uh with a range of asset classes
in fixed income, equity, multiasset and
then they are diversifi be able to help
the investor to diversify their
portfolio.
>> Uh in terms of how you plan to expand
your your presence there, can you tell
us a bit more what the plans are going
to be? Are you going to be hiring more
people in the UAE for example?
>> So we have long-term commitment in the
Middle East region. When it talks about
hiring in people that is uh our
commitment in the region in fact setting
up the branch is the commitment to
invest in talent and our objective is to
continue to attract u top local and
international talents to be able to work
with our um clients there locally. and
the the pre the physical presence that
you have there and you mentioned 10.
You're initially going to offer 10
funds. What of those funds are going to
be managed domestically or is it more a
distribution mechanism for you to for
them to get access to the point you're
making a worldclass uh investment
solutions?
>> The 10 funds are the onore funds feeding
into our global like um ranges of funds.
So um they are manufactured and manu
managed outside of the UAE but then the
clients like through this local gateway
be able to access our global
capabilities.
>> In terms of aum targets do you have any
insight right now? Have you changed what
what your vision is going to look like
now that you have this license? We are
very excited about the opportunities in
the region. Um because if you look at
the market, this is one of the fastest
growing wealth markets in the world and
the uh largest hub for global expert. Uh
if you look at the institutional market
is very deep and then they have very
sophisticated client base there. Uh this
is our long-term commitment in the
region.
>> Can't help but ask there's a lot of
instability potential instability with
the news on Iran over the weekend. How
are you assessing the that that
component of risk as you run that new
business now?
>> So geopolitical events definitely like
uh in focus uh in the first two weeks of
the trading like weeks are here. Um and
then uh similar to 2025 we believe the
geopolitical events uh will continue
have important influence of the market
development. So uh when we talk about uh
geopolitical events uh with our clients
um
there's a lot of like uh conversation um
center around market volatility because
of the political um event and because of
the macro and economic environment. Um
so market volatility definitely is a one
of the big topics uh leading to that is
uh diversification.
So um if I if we talked when we talk
about um the market the the investment
strategy with our clients uh most of
them telling us that a complex economic
and geopolitical environment
uh has actually pawned them to uh look
at or change the playbook including
reassessing the investment strategy to
look at um uh the the diversifiers away
from the US assets. M
>> so you think that sort of divers this
whole dollar debasement trade we talk
about right where I I short the dollar I
go into precious metals and the like
>> alternatives alter I mean is that is
that going to continue on you think
>> uh we have been talking to our clients a
lot term on their investment strategy
especially for 2026 there are few key
investment trends that we have seen
first of all uh longer term right this
is an emerging trend where clients are
looking to add alternative to the
portfolio to diversify away from the
traditional asset classes. Second of all
is to add additional alpha sources. Uh
second trend that we are seeing is assoc
diversify diversifying away from the US
assets. Um for for the trends that just
now you mentioned precious metal
including gold. So those are the big
trends that we are seeing and closer to
this part of the world that what we have
seen is uh the notable shift in terms of
sentiment towards Chinese equity and
Asian equities. So um as a result of the
very exciting AI development
>> the what is HSBC doing in as far as
bolstering your private market solutions
for your clients. So the point you're
making right they're not looking just
for alpha but for hedges and some
structural uncorrelatedness. I'm not
sure if I'm inventing a word there in
terms of their portfolio. So at HSBC
asset management we aspire to provide
the investment solution that be able to
help our clients to weather the market
volatility as well as creating values
for the portfolio. So apart from um
having a full range of traditional asset
classes in equity fixed income multi
liquidity we also like invest a lot in
developing our alternative capabilities.
So this is the trend that we are seeing
starting from the institution investor
and now we are also seeing the pickup in
the wealth space as well.
>> Right.
>> Does it give you more appetite for
acquisitions? I know back in 2023 you
made a acquired this Singapore Silk Road
property. Are you looking to make any
more acquisitions?
>> So talking about acquisition uh India is
a very good example on top of silk road
acquisition that we have made. uh we
have acquired L&T our local asset
managers and then helping us to complete
the full range of capabilities in India.
Now we have full sweets of equity fixed
income multiasset and liquidity products
there. Um we are also having a very
positive wheel in India over the longer
term. So we will continue to look at
into different opportunities when the
right moments and opportunity comes and
we're definitely open-minded in terms of
what we are like um looking at.
>> Has the bull market helped your
business? Definitely uh we are very like
um pleased to see uh Asian markets,
emerging market, the the conversation
that we have had with our client coming
back uh China as well. Um that also like
due to structural reform in the emerging
market as well as some of the excitement
in the AI sector.
>> Daisy fantastic. Thank you so much.
>> Thank you.
>> Hi to the team for us. Let's let's let's
do this again. Daisy Ho there, Asia and
Middle East CEO at HSBC asset
management. Right. Just ahead here in
shows, we touched on the story just now.
As the world digests the US capture
[music] of Venezuela's leader, China is
seizing the opportunity to tout its
governance model as superior to the
west. That's in context [music] of the
new news over the weekend with Iran.
We'll get into that, the broader picture
with Kurt Tong and Ding Ean coming
through very, very shortly. This is the
China show.
[music]
>> [music]
>> It's the price to pay uh to allocate
gold into your portfolios. [music] And
why is that? So we've done a lot of
studies uh going into history on the
role of gold uh in a geopolitical
environment as well as any [music] sort
of flux we're seeing in the currency
market. Um so I think gold if you see it
in a as an asset allocation tool is very
different than if you look at it as
[music] a speculative uh tactical trade.
>> Yeah, that was Jean Chia out of Bank of
Singapore who joined us in in the last
hour or so. And I think the question we
we we posed to her was is is has gold
beyond gone has has it gone beyond
tactical at this point in time and their
answer contrary by the way to what UBS
told us late last year. It has gone
beyond a tactical opportunity. Gold
stocks on your screens up also looking
at platform stocks coming up very very
shortly. Baba and JJ.com on this uh the
conversations around
uh antitrust and maybe them needing to I
what work more closely together uh in as
far as achieving that broader strategy.
Uh nuclear stocks and as you can see
we're gaining there across uh some of
the perhaps even the biggest loser which
is M1 in terms of a share price
perspective there. Nuclear stocks coming
up on your screens. Um we're looking at
Meta uh signing a deal here, a series of
deals uh or Meta signing a series of
deals that would make the US tech firm
of course one of the biggest corporate
buyers of nuclear power. Again, it's an
AI conversation. How do we power this
thing? Uh uranians come up quite a lot
of course and this [music] is really a
story that continues to track well
across the investor space in terms of
that AI thing. Plenty morehead. This is
Bloomberg.
>> [music]
[music]
>> All right, back to our top story here
this morning and it [music] really Iran
and what the impact this is going to
mean for the likes of China, right?
They're going to be carefully watching
the latest unrest in the country [music]
as a major buyer of Iran's shipped oil,
taking a reported 90%
of, of course, the share last year. Now,
Tyrron has warned the US and Israel
against any intervention, especially
after ousted Venezuelan President
Nicholas Maduro was seized and taken to
New York to face US charges of narot
terrorism. Now, as the world adjusts the
implications of that, China is taking
the opportunity now to ramp up its
messaging that its government's model is
a superior alternative. Just last week,
take a look at the People's Daily. They
published this piece of the head of the
ruling Communist Party's international
department on why Beijing's development
and political system present a new path
for developing countries. Now according
to Leo Haing, Beijing's rise has
shattered they say what he calls the
western centric logic that equates
modernism with westernization. Beijing
has hosted a series of highle diplomatic
engagements. Meanwhile this year,
including last week's state visit from
the South Korean president.
>> Yep. Okay. So yeah, it's it's a very
complicated story, right? So the sort of
the specific framing when you look at
what's happened and let's not get to
Iran first, right? So Venezuela's story
was an opportunity to really have a look
at how it it was one specific front at
which
maybe it was a move on oil. Maybe it was
countering to the point that and I'm
going to play the sound by in a moment.
I'm just setting it up. Maybe it was a
it was a move against China's growing
influence in that part of the world. And
I think the point that our guest earlier
had mentioned was if you look at what's
happened with Iran specifically too
that's also a front where China has a
very strong relationship and as far as
that was concerned right so uh let's
have a look at what Mukesh had to say in
as far as the big picture context this
was a move on the part of the US to
counter China given its different points
of influence across the world. Let's
play it out guys if we can. I would say
whether it is Iran, Russia, Venezuela,
this is all targeted towards China and
US. If none of these countries were
selling to China, probably US might not
go there. China is stocked up very well.
It's not one day's preparation. Like I
mentioned in last time, China prepared
well in advance and is very stocked up.
So for short term, if this there is a
disruption, China is probably okay.
The Donroe doctrine sounds great in
terms of military control of the United
States in its backyard. Trump can
accomplish that. But but China is the
dominant economic power for most of
these countries and they're developing
the electricity stack and the AI
capabilities that these countries are
going to want to use. So ultimately the
Chinese are in a better position to have
more influence around the world even in
America's backyard because of those
investments.
>> Okay. Um let's bring in Kurt. Okay. Why
don't you do Okay. You know I'll do it.
I'll do it. [laughter] So joining us now
uh to talk us through this Kurt Tong of
course is the managing partner at the
Asia Group. He's a former US ambassador
to APEC, former US console general here
in Hong Kong in Macau. Kurt, good
morning uh from Hong Kong. I mean,
there's so many things I want to ask
you. There's so many fronts here, but
why why don't we start out with what
what do you think the US is trying to do
on these multiple fronts?
>> Well, I think that the the United States
and particularly the Trump
administration are trying to achieve
multiple objectives. Um, in Venezuela,
their goal is to is to change the
government, um, its orientation,
uh, regain improved access for the
United States into that [clears throat]
country and and push Cuba out. The, um,
and so it's multifaceted, uh, very
specific, rather narrow objectives which
are are, uh, they're pushing forward on.
I think the there is this emerging
pattern and a lot of dialogue about what
does this mean for the position of the
United States globally and what does it
mean for the position of China globally.
The I think it's important not to
overemphasize uh the the changes in and
really very long-term and major trends
in the region and and conflate those
with episodic circumstances in places
like Venezuela uh or Iran. I think there
there's a long-term uh trend. the United
States
um becoming less influential on the
global stage, reaching towards its
strengths in uh geographic proximity and
military power in order to compensate
for that. Uh but China also continually
uh becoming more and more potent on the
economic front uh read uh worldwide. And
so all of those things are going to
continue to happen uh simultaneously.
It's a complicated picture. Um, but
important not to make too many grand
conclusions based off of one or two
episodes.
>> Yeah. Uh, Ding, I want to bring in Ding
Ean as well. Uh, Kurt, senior fellow at
Remman University's Institute of Global
Governance and and Development. Uh, he
obviously previously served as deputy
director of the Institute of World
Development under the China State
Council. Um, yeah, Evan, thank you so
much for joining us. from what Curta
mentioned he says it's it's hard to kind
of extrapolate kind of from these recent
events what the US's rationale is in but
you know there has been a lot of talk of
these kind of spheres of influence
um which the US is trying to kind of
shape shake up the world order in some
ways
>> what is your perspective on this and
what do you think is China's perspective
on this
>> actually it's very very hard for the
time being to assess Donald Trump's
behavior both in Venezuela and with
regard to Iran. So generally speaking,
uh Donald Trump's administration is in a
position of US strategic retreat. Uh
look at their uh national security
strategy report just published at the
end of last year. It showed that to some
extent uh Trump wanted to reach a sort
of a detent
with great powers with China with Russia
that's why he wanted to make all his
effort to stop the Ukrainian war and
then that to reach a sort of mod vendee
with Russia and with China he wanted to
reach some agreements on all aspects
saying that he want he don't want to
confront China and he wanted to reach
some agreement with China as the last
summit of G20 in soul in in South Korea.
[clears throat] All these showed that he
wanted to be more uh restraint with all
these Americans positions in the global
stage and he wanted to withdraw from
other part of the world to be
concentrated more on the west hemisphere
especially in America. That's why he
wanted to take over Greenland to build
the North America a fortress against all
um external forces. That's the general
assessment. But in recent days, he just
launched a military assault in
[clears throat] Vina to try to kidnap
another country's leaders. So that grabs
us to the the old days to the medieval
age at that time. So the king is over
this target of kidnapping uh kidnapping
other countries kings in order to ask a
huge ransom. It was the way how the the
politic has been conducted in the
medieval time. But nowadays all these
kind of behavior is blamed is criticized
as univilized. So it's very very hard to
uh abduct
another country's leader and then to ask
to negotiate with other countries in
order to obtain some advantage. But uh
Donald Trump in his statement is saying
that the US will put his hands on vis
and he asked Americans oil companies to
be to get ready to go to the US to the
vis
with regard to Iran. Iran is in a
fragile position nowadays. That's why
US said that the Donald Trump said that
they want he wanted to intervene uh to
to Iran to stabilize the situation.
actually uh Iran is in a chaotic
situation because of the collateral
damage
and then that's
destabilization
is triggered both by uh capital flight
and by some
Middle East instability
and external forces are trying to
intervene Iran's situation.
Ding, this is David. So, so a lot of
people are wondering
if if China should respond and if they
did respond to these many fronts in in
what form do you think that's going to
come or are we overthinking the need for
a Chinese response here? Generally
speaking,
>> generally speaking, I don't think the
China will respond to these kind of
chaotic situation by military means.
It's not China's way to do things. China
will try to bring people together by
negotiation to try to reach some
political uh arrangement a sort of mod
in all these conflictual situation.
So to some extent China have a vision in
longer term in medium and longer term.
So we wanted to the stability in the
world of course stability in every
region in the world in Middle East in
Latin America because stability
is a way to push things forward to push
Chinese
competitive age. Chinese competitive age
is to help all these countries build a
better future. Uh that's the idea of
Chinese leaders to push
>> I want to get Kurt in on on this
question too. Um there there's a lot of
you know say this is an opportunity for
China Kurt for the mainland to kind of
be the peacemaker be the stabilizer
amidst these geopolitical tensions and
be sort of that global champion. You
know what's your response to that?
So I don't think that um
many countries actually or peoples are
are specifically looking to China uh to
play a role in in in
countries where there's a situation of
instability. The the like the Venezuela
situation, the Iran situation are quite
different. Uh the US has a historical
role in both countries and historical
relationships with both which is pulling
the United States into those situations.
China has a commercial relationship with
Venezuela, commercial relationship with
Iran. Um no particular um relationships
beyond that. So I think it's really a
question about not sort of China versus
the United States but rather the United
States role using unilateral uh measures
to affect policy in troubled countries
versus the global system doing that on a
systematic and and consensus basis and
that is I think the real dynamic here at
play not so much a China US dynamic and
and to repeat I don't really think that
that uh people in in Iran or Venezuela
or the Middle East region or Latin
America foresee any specific Chinese
role in peacekeeping for example uh in
in with relation to these matters.
>> Okay. Um I'm glad you cleared that out
in some way. I was going to get you to
talk about maybe something closer to our
region, which is of course this this
spat that we're seeing between China and
Japan in some ways is you could say a
way of of China pressuring the in
testing the US's sort of and and Japan
sort of partnership economic ties as
well. I'm just wondering how do you see
this going to be playing out on the
global stage, Kurt?
So in this case, one might exact a
certain degree of parallel between the
Venezuela situation and the Japan
situation. So the United States unhappy
with Venezuela, um decided to capture
the leader and force change through
negotiation centered around oil. Uh in
the case of Japan, a much stronger
country than Venezuela, uh a an ally of
the United States, the circumstances are
different, but China has chosen like the
United States going to its strengths
visav Venezuela, China is going to its
strengths visav Japan and leaning in on
economic sanctions to try and change
Japanese policy. I think that's going to
be unsuccessful. Um I think that Japan's
um foreign uh security policy is quite
well established and has been for some
time and will not be influenced by
Chinese economic pressure. So the
question in my mind now is how far does
China push it and does that lead to um
just continued stalemate which is
current situation or does it lead to ch
an actual Japanese counter reaction
which could lead then to escalation. Um
so u the the situation Venezuela is not
in a position to escalate back to at the
United States. Japan is towards China.
>> Um
>> following the situation uh very very
closely and frankly a bit concerned or
wondering what the actual Chinese
objectives are in the case of their
pressuring of of Japan. Do they actually
anticipate uh Japan changing its its
security policy based upon economic
sanctions which I as I said I think will
be unsuccessful uh or what is the the
actual um game game at at play here
>> Kurt you know why don't we put that
question to Mr. Ding uh you know
Dingifan as it pertains to specifically
the objectives of China uh you know
economic pressure on on the Japanese uh
is there an objective there or do you
think that was simply a response to the
comments that came through from the
prime minister the Japanese prime
minister?
>> Actually it's a sort of
it's it's not totally a a fixed position
from China. China is taking some
economic measures to try to alert
Japanese public opinion that the current
prime minister's behavior or a statement
about Taiwan about Asia is dangerous. To
some extent we should put something
together to link something together
during the Ukrainian wars. If you look
at what was happening in Europe is that
Germany wanted to to take advantage of
these crisis to uh become a normal
country because 80 years after the end
of second world war, Germany has been in
a country that has been deprived of its
possibility of military development.
Nowadays, Germany wanted to become a
noble country with the strongest army of
Europe that these Germans cheret
pretend to build up is the strongest
army in Europe. So that's clearly a way
to take advantage of the crisis and to
become a normal country. Same for Japan.
Japan, Japanese political leaders,
especially [snorts] uh Prime Minister
Tashiki wanted also to take advantage
the tensions between China and the
United States to strengthen uh Japan's
military capabilities and to take
advantage of these confrontation between
China and and the United States over
Taiwan is to become a normal country to
some extent to have a strong army to
have his status as a normal country just
to get out of these defeated country of
the second world war uh second world
war. So that's why China just wanted to
launch some warning to the Japanese
public opinion saying that uh pay
attention to what you are doing now. If
you wanted to reverse the consequences
of the second world war and then you
will become a revisional country and
that revision country will be dangerous
for the region.
>> Eon thank you Dingan there I want to
thank the gentleman senior fellow at
Redmond University of China Institute of
Global Governance and Development. Also
our thanks to Kurt Tong
>> joining as well from the Asia group.
>> Thank you so much for that conversation.
Uh if you if you're a subscriber want to
rewatch that interview, you can watch
through our TV interactive function TV
go. You can also become part of the
conversation by sending us some
messages. Check it out at tvgo.
[music]
Some news on China here this morning.
Chanawanka has until the end of [music]
Monday to pitch revised extension
proposals to creditors holding two local
notes totaling $817 million and the
holders previously rejected [music]
delaying payments for 12 months but
agreed to extend grace periods. Late
last week, sources told Bloomberg
developer was preparing [music] a wider
debt restructuring plan pushing it
closer to default. Giga Device
Semiconductor says the price of shares
for [music] its Hong Kong listing was
set at 162 Hong Kong dollars a piece.
That is the top of the marketed range
and should net around $600 million US.
[music]
Trading is set to start on Tuesday. And
China has issued draft regulations on
the collection of personal data [music]
from the internet as part of its efforts
to safeguard users rights and promote
transparency. The proposal requires apps
to clearly [music] disclose practices,
obtain informed consent, and limit data
usage to [music] essential purposes. The
regulation is open for public
consultation until February 9th. China
has announced its first flight of the
TiMA 1000, an unmanned cargo aircraft
capable of logistics and [music]
emergency response. Is said to be the
country's first mid-altitude lowcost
transport platform. State media says a
plane can navigate complex highland
terrain [music] and execute ultrash
short takeoffs and landings.
>> Right. A look at Asian markets right
now. Tech is catching a bit. And when
you look at beneath the hood, the likes
of Maidtoan of course leading the charge
today. We're at 1.3% [music] on the HSN
tech index.
>> [music]
>> All right, it is uh many top stories
here today, but I think the Iran
situation quickly catapulted to front
and center. I think we're still watching
very closely what happens there. You
know, with these ongoing protests,
there's a lot of human rights activist
groups that talk about uh hundreds that
have left been left dead. Um and
certainly that's going to be the
situation we're monitoring and and how
the US response is going to be on all
this as well. But but certainly, you
know, are we on a brink of some sort of
collapse of the Islamic Republic? That's
going to be the key question here for
the next coming days.
>> Yeah, regime change is a question mark
right now when you look across the
commentary that's come through so far.
And uh perhaps a big component of that
would be how the US responds to what's
going on domestically within Iran.
you know, several updates, not a lot of
detail, but the fact that, you know, the
US president is talking about it, he's
getting regular updates. He says, um,
Donald Trump says that Iran called to
negotiate yesterday. So, I imagine he,
this is Sunday, uh, in terms of nuclear,
he may meet with Iran.
>> Yeah.
>> U, and that, uh, apart from that, they
are monitoring obviously the situation
there very close and he's mulling
possible strong options as it pertains
to that. But we've paired back a little
bit some of the extreme scenarios there
because he's talking about a meeting and
perhaps a [snorts] diplomat maybe a
diplomatic solution is is is what I'm
reading from that
>> and what a change really what we saw on
the ground reportedly. I mean there is
an internet blackout I think that
started on Thursday. So we're not too
clear exactly what is happening on the
ground but uh up until then I mean there
was a lot of concerns of of this fiscal
crisis right the collapse in the
currency for example inflation that's in
double digits. This seems to be now
escalating much more to now resume
change as you say and more of a
revolution internally. So we have to
keep watching that very closely. What it
means for oil flows of course
>> it does and what the market's done with
that is initially we did see a little
bit of upside. We've since given that
back all things equal oil hasn't really
done a lot similar to what we had with
Venezuela uh on a net basis this time
last week. It is of course a bigger
global consequence. What's clear though
is the preference for alternatives
precious metals and hedges. [music]
That continues to be the case as you can
see on your screens. We'll see you all
tomorrow.
>> [music]